Create roadmap.md (#326)
mojaloop/documentation: roadmap.md

# PI-15 and Beyond Roadmap

## Core Clearing System
1.1 - Reference Architecture - Phase 1  - DOCUMENTATION ONLY, NO CODING CHANGES

1.2 - Business Operations Framework - Phase 1 - ONLY CODING ON ORY/RBAC, DOCUMENTATION

1.3 - Best Practice National RTP ISO20022 Messaging - DOCUMENTATION ONLY, NO CODING?

## Core Clearing System Extensions
2.1 - 3PPI Enablement - CONSOLIDATION TOWARDS “MVP-READY”

2.2 - Merchant Scheme Extensions inc QR Support - DOCUMENTATION ONLY, NO CODING

2.3 - Bulk Payments Enhancement - DOCUMENTATION ONLY, NO CODING

2.4 - FX support - DOCUMENTATION ONLY, NO CODING

## Adjacent Marketplace Teams
3.1 OSS FRMS Solution (“Actio”)

## SUPPORTING Workstreams
* API “front of house” & Sandbox - this will become our re-use of Mojaloop Sandbox towards MAS re-use for next quarter, and launch of the 3PPI api into it.  The work is focused to that outcome.

> * “Core” - repos, bug fix, maintenance, ttk etc - can we rebrand this workstream as part of setting the mission up??? Core work is done above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* “Core” - Mojaloop releases, repo maintenance, bug fixes, maintenance, TTK etc - can we rebrand this workstream as part of setting the mission up??? Core work is done above.
```
